docker-tests/README.md, before:

# Docker test environment

This branch contains a test environment for the gridinit role, powered by Docker. It can be used to either run tests locally, or remotely on [Travis-CI](https://travis-ci.org/).  [git-worktree(1)](https://git-scm.com/docs/git-worktree) is used to include the test code into the working directory. Remark that this requires at least Git v2.5.0.

1. Fetch the test branch: `git fetch origin docker-tests`
2. Create a Git worktree for the test code: `git worktree add docker-tests docker-tests`. This will create a directory `docker-tests/`
3. The script `docker-tests.sh` will create a Docker container, and apply this role from a playbook `<test.yml>`. The Docker images are configured for testing Ansible roles and are published at <https://hub.docker.com/r/bertvv/ansible-testing/>. There are images available for several distributions and versions. The distribution and version should be specified outside the script using environment variables:

    ```
    DISTRIBUTION=centos VERSION=7 ./docker-tests/docker-tests.sh
    ```

    The specific combinations of distributions and versions that are supported by this role are specified in `.travis.yml`.

Commit message:

TEST(gridinit): Change for ansible 2.9 and python3, drop of xenial
 ##### SUMMARY

Update .travis.yml according to our new requirements.
Update meta/main.yml too.

 ##### IMPACT
 N/A

 ##### ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

docker-tests/README.md, after:

# Docker test environment

1. The script `docker-tests.sh` will create a Docker container, and apply this role from a playbook `<test.yml>`. The Docker images are configured for testing Ansible roles and are published at <https://hub.docker.com/r/cdelgehier/docker_images_ansible/>. There are images available for several distributions and versions. The distribution and version should be specified outside the script using environment variables:

    ```
    DISTRIBUTION=centos VERSION=7 ANSIBLE_VERSION=2.9 ./docker-tests/docker-tests.sh
    DISTRIBUTION=ubuntu VERSION=18.04 ANSIBLE_VERSION=2.9 ./docker-tests/docker-tests.sh
    ```
2. You can test another use case by adding an argument to the script. An argument `<another>` will apply a playbook `<another.yml>`

3. You can run functionnal tests locally like that:

    ```
    SUT_ID=9acda29c356b ./docker-tests/functional-tests.sh
    SUT_IP=172.17.0.2   ./docker-tests/functional-tests.sh
    ```
   
The specific combinations of distributions and versions that are supported by this role are specified in `.travis.yml`.
